rf and cooler
these build computer
but in the cinema the processor motherboard and
cooler
not to scratch
and live under the board of cardboard or
SRs are their coolers
their different installation is different
how to install two types of processors
these 4
what does the processor look like
sex 4
there was a paste wrong on it
there are 2 missing keys
contact stb
by drinking 4 on our motherboard
called
hey 775
otherwise, socket
there are keys
socket must be unlocked
for this you need
aside and then lift this lever
vertical
lifting the lever should not
excessive effort
for juices
ilnaz orient processor
regarding juices
and stalin processes
here by no means follows
You need to enter the connector of this effort
if the processor does not enter the socket sooner
just we its not right
to orient
need a more unpleasant situation
if you try to put the wrong
CPU
can be on the bottom of the tymoshkina socket
in this case, you will need them neatly
straighten
let the lever down
and by this
fix the processor
carry on crystal processor thermo pass
install cooler
heat exchange between the processor and
radiators
cooler or sold separately
on the kulle already
interface threads can be applied
need to apply thermal grease or need
before installing clean the cooler from those
interface rme
boston on crystal
base had all over the surface
can be more subtle ru
no cooler depends on the motherboard and
types of the cooler itself
our cases on the motherboard
there are four holes in
socket perimeter
on the colleague
There are four latches which are inserted into
board hole of
still get settled
set the cooler
at the expense of what they clamps
after the first latch better
snap opposite
diagonally
Fan power key to
corresponding connectors on
motherboard
ions has keys
therefore wrong connect power and
will not succeed
extra wire
platinum like that roll that was
he didn't hit the fan
do not forget to connect the power
fan
if the fan will not work
the processor will light up
became a pentium 4 processor
socket 775 socket
left the cooler
and connected the fan power
and to install an athlon 64 processor
a vat
juices 754
processor name
missing legs in one
absent in distress
socket pins
dumb Marchac
tea keys
elderly processor
due to which they lever
m its surface on a thin layer
kido loop time
still in the movie im
turn off the power fan